[Marketplace Contribution] Community Common Dashboards - Content Pack Update (#34317)
demisto/content: Packs/CommunityCommonDashboards/Scripts/XSOARValueMetrics/README.md

| lastday | Last day to find incident occurrences. Does not support a different year than the first day.Example: "2023-06-30".  "2023-01" defaults to "2023-01-31". |
| esflag | If using Elasticsearch, set this to "true".  Elasticsearch has a 10000 incident search limit and this flag reduces the search windows from 2 days to to 4 hours. |
| slatimers | CSV list of additional SLA timer fields to include in the metrics. Example: slatimers="customsla1,customsla2,customsla3". |
| filters | CSV list of incident filters. Example:   filters ="type=typea,status=done". |
| thisyearlist | List name to store this year's monthly result. |
| lastyearlist | List name to store last year's results. |
| mode | Controls the how statistics are saved to this years data list. |
| query | Query string for incidents using Lucene/Bleve. Do not include any date related fields - those are controlled by the "firstday" and "lastday" arguments.  Ignores the "filter" argument. |
| windowstart | Timer field name to use as the start time for a user defined duration. |
| windowend | Timer field name to use as the end time for a user defined duration. |

> | computeduration | Set to "yes" to compute incident duration |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| computeduration | Compute the incident open duration from the created and closed dates. |
```
